{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red36\green36\blue36;\red240\green240\blue240;
\red38\green38\blue38;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh15420\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 Question 1:-\ulnone  
\b0 What have you learned recently about iOS development? How did you learn it? Has it changed your approach to building apps?\

\b \ul Answer 1:-\ulnone  
\b0 Recently I signed up at Udacity for iOS Nanodegree Program to learn the iOS Development. And Yes, I has definitely changed my approach and view about building mobile applications. I wasn\'92t sure about learning iOS Development but through Udacity i have learned that the design process is important and more important is actual coding. I have learned and if we follow the MVC pattern for building applications we could avoid writing code again and again for same kind of functions or class. It increases the code reusability. Good thoughtful design and process will drive to become a successful iOS Development. I have learning the always make a design process process from start to end of your application. Decide which class or struct would be great fit for Model, View or Controller. Following such approach would definite make your app great and reliable, moreover it would so much time in building and designing your app. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Question 2:-\ulnone  
\b0 Can you talk about a framework that you've used recently (Apple or third-party)? What did you like/dislike about the framework?\

\b \ul Answer 2:-\ulnone  
\b0 Recently i have worked with CoreData for persistence of data, Which is fast and most reliable for storing and retrieving data from your local database. \
\
I have also worked with third-party APIs like Facebook API, Flickr API, TMDB API, Google Places API and many others. It was really great learning experience using third-party Framework, and i have learned a lot during Udacity Nanodegree Program about using different framework whether its available from Apple or Third-Party. I have learning making HTTP request or POST request over network and fetch data as we need it.\
\
Using different framework is great way to expand functionality of your app and i really like it the way it works, Its just like plug and play. But i would like to say that i would always love working with frameworks who has very good documentations with few examples to use and plug framework in your app. On the other hand some framework does not have good documentation which makes using that framework complicated and time consuming. \
\
\

\b \ul Question 3:-\ulnone  
\b0 Describe how you would construct a Twitter feed application that at minimum can display a company's Twitter page. Please include information about any classes/structs that you would use in the app. Which classes/structs would be the model(s), the controller(s), and the view(s)?\

\b \ul Answer 3:-\ulnone  
\b0 I have learned that starting for building any application should start with breaking down the requirements and specification for specific application. Once all specifications and requirements are clear and mapped out i would follow that MVC (Model View Controller) framework. an example struct for such application is as follows.\
\

\b Model(s)\
\

\b0 Modes are responsible for structuring the data and persisting the data about users/company, information about tweets, account information. This would also be responsible for caching images which would be downloaded using network operations.\
\

\b Tweets:
\b0  A Class/Struct which would manipulate the data about tweets made by user and company, basically metadata about tweet e.g tweet(Message), posted links in tweet, user, date and time number of likes.\

\b User:
\b0  A Class/Struct which is metadata about user, Display Name, username, followers, following, tweets.\

\b ImageCache:
\b0  This would be responsible for caching any images which would be downloaded.\

\b TwitterAPI:
\b0  For downloading and structuring data from twitter API.\
\

\b View(s)\
\
LoginView:
\b0  Displaying user interface for user to login to their account. Which would also include sign up View if there is a new user and want to join the network of twitter. \

\b NewTweet:
\b0  Let user to make a new tweet, adding links or pictures. \

\b TweetTableViewCell:
\b0  Responsible for designing custom table view for each tweet and displaying custom tableViewCell with information about tweet which are made about user or company.\

\b SettingView:
\b0  User interface which would let user to interact with account settings and or privacy settings. \
\

\b Controller(s)
\b0 \
\

\b LoginViewController: 
\b0 Which would be responsible for to let user to access twitter accounts if it already exists or it also responsible for performing navigation or segue to let new user to create account.\

\b NewTweetContoller:
\b0  Responsible to let user to enter information or let use image from their phones photo library, adding # tags or adding links to their tweet.\

\b TweetTableViewController: 
\b0 This would be responsible for displaying tweet from user or company and would also take input from like button or comments. This would be most interactive controller, make network operation in background as required.\

\b SettingViewController:
\b0  Let user to save their account settings or their privacy settings. \

\b CoreDateStack:
\b0  Responsible for data persistence and core data operations.\
\
\

\b \ul Question 4:-\ulnone  
\b0 Describe some techniques that can be used to ensure that a \cb4 UITableView\cb1  containing many \cb4 UITableViewCell\cb1  is displayed at 60 frames per second.\

\b \ul Answer 4:-\ulnone  
\b0 While interacting with UITableView, first thing comes in mind is Apple\'92s delegates. By using Delegate or Datasource method which can achieve the performance of the application and any kind of UITableView. Instead of loading entire tableview and cells data we could use willDisplaycell method to perform data manipulation and change only those data or cells when those cells of the table about to display.\
We could also use lazy loads for each cell and display only those cells which are currently in the view, and use asynchronous for display data to the cell.\
\

\b \ul Question 5:-\ulnone  
\b0 Imagine that you have been given a project that has this ActorViewController. The \cb4 ActorViewController\cb1  should be used to display information about an actor. However, to send information to other ViewControllers, it uses NSUserDefaults. Does this make sense to you? How would you send information from one ViewController to another one?\

\b \ul Answer 5:-\ulnone  
\b0 While matter comes to data persistence only best approach i think of is CoreData. NSUserDefaults is not a great solution unless and until you want to store information about user settings. Which also impact the performance of the application. I would definitely go for CoreData while data persistence is required and while data is other than user settings. \
\
To send information from one viewController to another one, I would instantiate the destination viewController perform segue by manually and apple has provided us great ways to do it. Apple also provide the method prepareForSegue method while we are performing manual navigation from one view controller to another, we can send information to destination view controller just before performing the segue.\
\

\b \ul Question 6:-\ulnone  
\b0 Imagine that you have been given a project that has this  GithubProjectViewController. The \cb4 GithubProjectViewController\cb1  should be used to display high-level information about a GitHub project. However, it\'92s also responsible for finding out if there\'92s network connectivity, connecting to GitHub, parsing the responses and persisting information to disk. It is also one of the biggest classes in the project.\
How might you improve the design of this view controller?\

\b \ul Answer 6:-\ulnone  
\b0 It is never smart solution to put everything at one place. Programmer should always follow MVC framework and create separate class for each kind of operation. Making the code more usable is always the great approach while building large application and it would definitely save tons of time. \
\
For such project i would create model class which perform required network operation. Separate model class which would perform the persistence of the data after successful data response from network operation and another ViewController which would perform fetching of data and displaying. This way project would have more reusable code and it would be easy to test and debug the application.\
\

\b \ul Question 7:-\ulnone  
\b0 If you were to start your iOS developer position today, what would be your goals a year from now?\

\b \ul Answer 7:-\ulnone  
\b0 My goal is not specifically to work as an iOS Developer. I will be continuing my professional and personal growth, using my new skills and knowledge, so I can step up as a mobile leader in any organization and be recognized as an innovator and the person to-go for any mobile development.
\b \cf3 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
}